Docs for Fixture updates. (#8025)
cakephp/docs: en/development/testing.rst

all the tables in the database. This operation can become expensive as your
application grows. By using ``TransactionStrategy`` each test method will be run
inside a transaction that is rolled back at the end of the test. This can yield
improved performance but requires your tests not heavily rely on static fixture
data, as auto-increment values are not reset before each test.

The fixture state management strategy can be defined within the test case::

    use Cake\TestSuite\TestCase;
    use Cake\TestSuite\Fixture\FixtureStrategyInterface;
    use Cake\TestSuite\Fixture\TransactionStrategy;

    class ArticlesTableTest extends TestCase
    {
        /**
         * Create the fixtures strategy used for this test case.
         * You can use a base class/trait to change multiple classes.
         */
        protected function getFixtureStrategy(): FixtureStrategyInterface
        {
            return new TransactionStrategy();
        }
    }

To switch out the general default strategy, use Configure key ``TestSuite.fixtureStrategy`` in your ``app.php``::

    'TestSuite' => [
        'fixtureStrategy' => \Cake\TestSuite\Fixture\TransactionStrategy::class,
    ],

> The recommended strategy for medium and large applications is the TransactionStrategy, as it also
> leaves the test cases after each run in a more clean state, making cross-contamination and side-effects less likely.
> As pointed out before, the fixture's should not have primary keys fixated, and neither should the tests
> expect fixture data with a specific ID. Instead, query the fixtures before your test run and use those then for the subsequent
> tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended strategy for medium and large applications is the ``TransactionStrategy``, as using rollbacks to undo changes from tests is simpler to maintain, and reduces the chances of cross-contamination and side-effects between tests.
```
